Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.2.5 (Patch Update):
Items:
* Fixed Skeletal tools not dropping bone meal.
* Fixed Toy Gyrocopter not being consumed on use.
* Fixed Runic Greatblade not working again. (Github issue #1237)
* Fixed Heat Wave's stats being wrong. (Github issue #1255)
* Fixed Archaic Ladder and its breakable counterpart having the wrong appearance when in-hand.
* Added Sticky Slime to the OreDictionary as 'slimeball'.
* Changed Expedition Armour's set effect.
* Adjusted weightings and chances of skeletal tool drops.
* Fixed Holly Arrows not properly cooking enemy loot when shot with flame enchants.
* Fixed Fireborne sword not properly cooking enemy loot when killed.
* Lowered Light's Way's damage to 7.5.
* Made Bubble Berries slightly faster to consume.
* Reduced Vile Vanquisher's damage to 11. (Github suggestion #1279)
* Fixed Energy Cannon and Moon Cannon dealing unusually high damage. (Github issue #1283)
* Changed Vox Cannon's stats to better match the current format. (Github issue #1285)
* Fixed Selyan Scythe healing less than it should.
* Buffed the amount of soul power scythes leech.
* Increased Floro RPG's durability.
* Reduced the profitability of Pluton Stickler's effect.
* Changed Grandsword's name to Bloodlurker.

Blocks:
* Fixed Archaic Ladder and its breakable counterpart using the vanilla ladder's particles when broken.
* Fixed Whitewashing Table not allowing for multiple operations. (Github issue #1251)
* Fixed Mending Table repairing twice as much as it should. (Github issue #1292)

Entities:
* Fixed Night Watcher applying blindness to creative mode players when hit. (Github issue #1206)
* Reduced Bone Creature's health to 40.
* Fixed Fungbacks poisoning themselves.
* Fixed Ghosts not being able to go invisible.
* Fixed Living Fungi spawning directly instead of Hiding Fungi.
* Fixed Elder Guardians giving Hauling xp sometimes when killed.
* Fixed Pincher's ranged immunity still being present.
* Fixed Sea Chargers not properly spawning on water.
* Fixed Magical Creeper giving extremely long lasting slowness on death.
* Fixed Creeperlock teleporting while dead.
* Fixed Pixons giving tributed when harvested outside of the overworld. (Github issue #1248)
* Stopped Tricksters going invisible or cloning while dead.
* Fixed Eeos spawning infinite and conditionless spirit protectors & guardians.
* Fixed Gingerbird not dropping Gingerbread wing by adding a loot table.
* Overworld wandering traders will no longer despawn naturally when in the Overworld.
* Withering Lottomen will no longer despawn naturally when in the Nether.
* Undead Heralds will no longer despawn naturally.
* Increased the drop chance of Void Scales from Mother Void Walkers. (Github suggestion #1187)
* Changed Realmshifter's trades to be more suitable to earlygame.
* Fixed Hiding Fungi being able to multiply if shot with explosions. 
* Fixed Dead Tree being able to multiply if shot with explosions.
* Added some additional drops to Bomb Carrier.
* Added some additional drops to Demon Reaper.
* Added some additional drops to King Charger.
* Added some additional drops to Fungung.
* Added some additional drops to Grobbler.
* Added some additional drops to Stimulosus.

Recipes:
* Fixed Emberstone Lamp's recipe not working.
* Fixed Ghastly Lamp's recipe not working.
+ Added a recipe for Eyeball Log to planks.
* Increased Metal Slug's recipe output from 4 to 8. (Github suggestion #1278)
* Changed the recipe for Grandsword.

Advancements:
* Changed the Hive Minded advancement to use Hive Egg instead of Hive Chunk.

Misc:
* Adjusted the price of Void Banners from Undead Herald to be more in line with other banners.
* Adjusted the price of Bone Meal from Troll Traders.
* Fixed Spectral Cage Spawn Chance's spelling in the config menu.
* Adjusted the price of Energistic Tool trades in Primordial Spellbinder.
* Enabled toast popups for Hunter Creatures for non-melee attacks.
* Fixed Call of the Drake not appearing from fishing in L'Borean.
* Fixed Utopian Armour not boosting xp gain properly. (Github issue #1220)
* Fixed some loot tables not generating certain items properly. (Github issue 1218)
* Fixed Crystal Lotto Overlook's crystal pillar being off-center. (Github issue #1225)
* Fixed Hive King not rendering properly in the bestiary. (Github issue #1242)
* Fixed Spectral Cage not spawning Spectral Wizards due to the neon lamps. (Github issue #1257)
* Fixed an alternate version of the Destroyed Store not generating.
* Re-wrote the portal search & generation algorithms. On average, portal searching should be significantly faster at finding existing portals, and new portals should be generated much closer to the player's current coordinates.
* Non-structure generations such as trees, plants, and bushes will no longer overwrite other blocks. This should prevent portals being destroyed on rare occasions when teleporting.
* Significantly increased the chance of Ruined Teleporter Frames generating under villages. (Github suggestion #1263)
* AoA overworld traders will now occasionally spawn in villages. (Github suggestion #1227)
* Changed Creeponia's realmstone requirement to account for TnTs near the player or the creeper instead of just the creeper.
* Disabled the leaderboard function. It was causing unnecessary lag on servers and for the time being it is not in use.
* Changed the wording on the Vox Ponds Realmstone task.
* Fixed unlocking infusion recipes in the crafting book from the infusion table. (Github issue #1048)
* Split up imbuing recipes and infusion recipes in the JEI interface for the Infusion Table.
* Added some additional messages to the Kror spawn process to help with confusion.
* Reduced price of banners from Undead Herald.
* Fixed hunter creatures not dropping loot if the player does not have the required hunter level but is in creative mode. (Github issue #1275)
* Fixed Enigma Stations not spawning.

Textures:
* Changed texture for Tidal Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Goofy Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Subterranean Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Haunted Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Candy Blade.
* Changed texture for Noxious Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Lyonic Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Crystal Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Cotton Crusher.
* Changed texture for Knight's Guard.
* Changed texture for Shroomic Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Lunar Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Millennium Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Shyre Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Royal Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Runic Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Creepoid Greatblade.
* Changed texture for Grandsword.

Sounds:
* Heavily compressed all boss music to help reduce caching time and freezes on low-end hardware.
