3.2.7:
Items:
* Fixed Ghoul Staff's description showing the wrong damage values.
* Fixed Web Staff not syncing its effect to the client when casting. (Github issue #1366)
* Fixed Concussion Staff not working on flying mobs. (Github issue #1371)
+ Added a reach modifier to greatblade and maul tooltips.
* Mauls now have slightly longer reach than swords
* Reduced Greatblade reach slightly.

Blocks:
* Fixed some texture oddities with Vox Logs. (Github issue #1346)
- Removed Vox Log2.
* Fixed Extraction Device allowing usage when the obsidian block would be out of bounds.
* Fixed some state change inconsistencies with the Extraction Device.

Entities:
* Fixed Explosive Expert's dummy firework trade preventing further trade unlocks.
* Removed the seemingly useless gravity effect from big day mobs.
* Adjusted the height of Bugeye slightly.
* Removed out of place knockback and stun effect from Ghostly Cyclops, and reduced its soul-steal effect from 15 to 10 for consistency.
* Added support for modded nether biomes for AoA Nether mobs. (Github issue #1336)
* Fixed Immortallis bosses not spawning occasionally. (Github issue #1340)
* Fixed Ariel's model being slightly off. (Github issue #1348)
* Fixed Bugeye and Ghostly Bugeye's off-centre models.
+ Added drops to Runic Guardian. (Github issue #1370)
* Fixed Baron Bombs being blown away by explosions.

Textures:
* Changed the texture for Coral Archergun.
* Changed the texture for Incomplete Mecha Archergun.
* Changed the texture for Lunar Archergun.
* Changed the texture for Mecha Archergun.
* Changed the texture for Skeletal Archergun.
* Changed the texture for Spectral Archergun.
* Changed the texture for Waterlogged Coral Archergun.
* Fixed Grobbler's incorrect rear texture.
* Adjusted Tidal Greatblade's texture slightly.
* Changed Baron Banner and its variant's textures.
* Changed Boreic Banner and its variant's textures.
* Changed Lotto Banner and its variant's textures.
* Changed Runic Banner and its variant's textures.
* Changed Shiny Banner and its variant's textures.
* Changed the texture for Death Ray.
* Changed the texture for Fragment.
* Changed the texture for Froster.
* Changed the texture for Iro Miner.
* Changed the texture for Moon Shiner.
* Changed the texture for Power Ray.
* Changed the texture for Proton.

Misc:
* Added a name for the gyrocopter entity.
* Added a name for the bozo ball projectile entity.
* Added a name for the super cannon family projectile entities.
* Fixed AoA Trader guis crashing when fed unexpected trade indexes.
* Reduced the drop rate of Voliant Hearts from haven.
* Fixed capitalisation issue on Candy Tube.
* Fixed a bug causing Shadowlord to not spawn.
* Moved Shadowlord's spawn message closer to his actual spawn moment.
* Fixed incorrectly remapping yellow crystal ore in Crystevia to white crystals if converting from old versions.
* Cleaned up greatblade hit registration to allow swinging through partial blocks and smoother collision checking while moving quickly. (Github issue #464)
+ Added Korean language support. (Great job PJ!)
