Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.3 (The Compatibility Update):
The Compatibility Update:
You can find details for how to implement/use all of these third party functions on the official Gamepedia wiki.
	Configs:
	+ All third-party integrations can be configured from the new integrations_config file in the AoA config folder.
	
	Guides:
	+ Guides can now be added by third party mods.
	+ Guides can also now be added by modpack makers via adding the files to a specific filepath in the aoa config folder.
	
	Bestiary:
	+ Third party mods can now opt to override their own bestiary descriptors. This gives them control over what stats/info they want to show.
	+ Alternatively, third party mods can opt to provide bestiary entry data for their mobs. AoA will still handle the normal stats and data for the mob.
	+ The Bestiary tab now has a search function. Either CTRL + F or click the search icon and search for the entry you want. You can also search for all results from a certain mod by using @<modid>.
	
	Advent Gui Themes:
	+ Third party mods can now add their own custom themes to the Advent Main Gui.
	+ Added a Transparent theme, courtesy of Ainsley Harriot.
	+ Added a Dark theme.
	
	Hunter Mobs:
	+ Third party mods can now cleanly register their own entities as hunter mobs with minimal effort.
	
	Tinkers Construct Integration:
	+ Added Molten Shyrestone.
	+ Added Limonite Rod arrow shafts.
	+ Added Torn Cloth fletching.
	+ Added tool parts for the following materials:
		Baronyte, Blazium, Elecanium, Emberstone, Ghastly, Ghoulish, Limonite, Lunar, Lyon, Mystite, Rosite, Shyrestone, Skeletal, Varsium.
	+ Added the following material traits:
		Anti-Air, Baron, Blazing, Bone Shock, Counterweight, Discounted, Ethereal Miner, Evil Pressure, Flaming Fury, High in Calcium, Infernal Energy, Laced, Runic, Shyre Synthesis, Soul Sap, Soul Harvest, Toxic, Tweeting.
	+ Added the following modifiers:
		Air Blade, Butcherer, Refreezing, Creepified, Surprise Me, Moneybags.
	* Tinkers Construct Slime Islands no longer generate in AoA dimensions by default.

	JustEnoughResources Integration:
	+ Added mob drops to JER's interfaces.
	+ Added dungeon loot to JER's interfaces.
	+ Added crops to JER's interfaces.
	+ Added oregen to JER's interfaces.
	
	IndustrialCraft2 Integration:
	+ Vox Ponds now supports Hazmat Suit & Quantum Suit (when charged) for protection from the environment.
	+ The Vox Ponds Realmstone is now obtainable using Hazmat & Quantum Suits.
	+ Added an Extractor recipe for Unpowered Runes to Runium Chunks.
	+ Added an Extractor recipe for Charged Runes to Charged Runium Chunks.
	+ Added an Extractor recipe for Rusted Iron Ingots to Scrap Metal.
	+ Added an Extractor recipe for Grenades to Gunpowder.
	+ Added Extractor recipes for Precasian bone fragments to Bone Meal.
	+ Added an Extractor recipe for Gold Coins to Gold Ingots.
	+ Added a Compressor recipe for Armour Plating from Chitin.
	+ Added a Compressor recipe for Packed Ice from Ice Crystals.
	+ Added Crushed, Purified Crushed, Dust, Tiny Dust, Plate, and Dense Plate variants of the below materials:
		Baronyte, Blazium, Elecanium,
		Emberstone, Ghastly, Ghoulish,
		Limonite, Lyon, Mystite,
		Rosite, Shyrestone, Varsium.
	+ Added the relevant Macerator, Compressor, Smelting, and Crafting Table recipes for all newly added materials.
	
	CraftTweaker Integration:
	+ Infusion Table recipes can now be added and removed via CraftTweaker native integration.
	+ Upgrade Kit recipes can now be added and removed via CraftTweaker native integration.
	+ CraftTweaker scripts can now check player statistics & grant xp, grant tribute, and grant/consume resources.
	
	API:
	- Removed the remaining API sections of the mod and made the various relevant code sections more accessible to third-party mods.
	
	Immersive Engineering Integration:
	+ All AoA crops can now be grown in the Garden Cloche. (Github suggestion #1083)
	+ Added Candied Water support for the Chemical Thrower. (Github suggestion #1582)
	
	Thaumcraft Integration:
	+ Added default aspects for numerous raw items and blocks in the mod. (Github suggestion #1459)
	
	JEI:
	* AoA now supports the Move Items button in JEI, allowing for quick recipe usage.
	
	ThermalExpansion:
	+ Added Pulverizer recipes for all frames to Scrap Metal and Iron Ingots.
	+ Added a Pulverizer recipe for Hardened Confetti Balls to Confetti Piles.
	+ Added a Pulverizer recipe for Gingerbread to Gingerbread Cookies and Gingerbread Wings.
	+ Added a Pulverizer recipe for Chocolate & Dark Chocolate Blocks to Cocoa Beans and Sugar.
	+ Added a Pulverizer recipe for Gold Coins to Gold Ingots.
	+ Added a Pulverizer recipe for Armour Plating to Chitin.
	+ Added Sawmill recipes for all AoA plants and flowers for Pulped Biomass.
	+ Added a Sawmill recipe for Creep Vines to Pulped Biomass.
	+ Added Phytogenic Insolator recipes for all AoA crops.
	+ Added Phytogenic Insolator recipes for all AoA flowers.
	+ Added a Fractionating Still recipe for Candied Water to Sugar and Water.
	+ Added a Glacial Precipitator recipe for Water to Ice Crystals.
	+ Added Arboreal Extractor support for all AoA logs to Resin.
	+ Added Arboreal Extractor support for Pink & Aqua Cotton Candy to Candied Water.
	+ Added Enervation Dynamo values for Power Core, Runic Energy, Power Rune, Energy Rune.
	+ Added Numismatic Dynamo values for all AoA coins.
	
Configuration:
+ Added a config toggle for skills. Skills functionality can now be disabled via the ingame config. I make no guarantees that every single feature in AoA will work with this disabled.
+ Added a config toggle for resources. Resources functionality can now be disabled via the ingame config. I make no guarantees that every single feature in AoA will work with this disabled.
+ Added a config option for a global skills xp modifier. Increase or decrease the modifier to adjust xp gain from all natural sources.
- Removed the Faster Floating Dimensions configuration option.
* Fixed some incorrect labelling for Crystevia Crystal ores.
+ Added a configurable minion summon limit, defaults to 10. (Github suggestion #1305)
+ Added a config toggle to disable third-party and vanilla entities from showing up in the bestiary when killed.

Blocks:
* Reduced harvest level of jade and rosite ores to 2. (Github suggestion #1408)
* Fixed Crystal Extension Shrine not consuming the Rainbow Druse when activated. (Github issue #1432)
* Increased the harvest level of Bloodstone Ore.
* Increased the harvest level of Crystevia crystal ores.
* Increased the harvest level of Crystallite Ore.
* Increased the harvest level of Elecanium Ore.
* Increased the harvest level of Ghastly Ore.
* Increased the harvest level of Ghoulish Ore.
* Increased the harvest level of Lyon Ore.
* Increased the harvest level of Mystite Ore.
* Increased the harvest level of Shyregem Ore.
* Increased the harvest level of Shyrestone Ore.
* Fixed Guardian Altar & Rockrider Shrine being in the wrong creative tab. (Github issue #1473)
* Fixed Red Waterweeds being inconsistently named. (Github issue #1475)
* Fixed Iro Crates not dropping Incomplete Mecha Staves.
* Fixed Infusion Table recipes duplicating container items. (Github issue #1529)
+ Added a crafting recipe for Mystic Lamps.
* Crystevia's crystal plants now have a very small chance to drop Druse of its respective colour when broken.
+ Added a recipe for Green Celebulbs to Lime Dye.
+ Added a recipe for Yellow Celebulbs to Yellow Dye.
+ Added a recipe for Blood Pines to Red Dye.
+ Added a recipe for Runic Bushes to Light Blue Dye.
+ Added a recipe for Ocealites to Cyan Dye.
+ Added a recipe for Lunalips to Purple Dye.
+ Added a recipe for Irotops to Yellow Dye.
+ Added a recipe for Luntar to Magenta Dye.
+ Added a recipe for Deep Blooms to Black Dye.
+ Added a recipe for Dawn Bush to Gray Dye.
* Fixed boss statues not playing the relevant sound when clicked.
* You can now shift-click items into the input slots for Infusion Table, Divine Station, and Frame Bench. (Github suggestion #1553)
* Stranglewood Logs can now be climbed if fullBoundingBoxLadders is set to true in the Forge config.
- Removed a number of blocks from 2.5 snapshot and similar content that still has no use as of 3.2. Don't hate me, I needed to clean these up:
	Chocolate Grass, Marshmallow Grass, Crystal Grass, 
	Silvro Grass, Bubble Leaves, Domiguous Leaves,
	Eucadon Leaves, Melumia Leaves, Eternal Leaves,
	Opollo Leaves, Silvro Leaves, Domiguous Log,
	Eucadon Log, Melumia Log, Opollo Log, 
	Aqua Mushroom Inside & Outside,
	Peach Mushroom Inside & Outside,
	Precasian Sand, Hard Coral, Deepshine,
	Haunted Orb, Licorice, Marshmallow,
	Orange Petals, Rock Candy (Blue, Green, Pink, Purple),
	Skull Block, Dark Skull Block, Ancient Cactus,
	Aqua Fungi, Yellow Aqua Fungi, White Candy Grass,
	Chocolate Grass Plants, Chocolate Stocks,
	Mallow Pile, Marsh Tube, Mellians, Deep Bulb, 
	Red Ocealites, Pertonias, Shadow Shrub,
	Silver Grass, Deep Vines, Flake Vine, Flake Vine Top,
	Shadicles, Shadicles Top, Eternal Log, 
	Dawn Stocks, Dawn Stocks Top, Dawn Bulb,
	Iro Box, Silvro Box, Domiguous Planks/Stairs/Slab/Fence/Gate,
	Eucadon Planks/Stairs/Slab/Fence/Gate,
	Melumia Planks/Stairs/Slab/Fence/Gate,
	Opollo Planks/Stairs/Slab/Fence/Gate.
+ Added Achony, Bloodtwister, Blue Celevus, 
	Blue Haven, Bright Shyre, Churry, 
	Creep, Dawnwood, Eyebush, Eye Hanger, 
	Green Celevus, Haunted, Irodust, 
	Irogold, Lucalus, Lunicia, Lunosso,  
	Pink Haven, Purple Celevus, Purple Haven, 
	Red Celevus, Red Haven, Runic, Shadow, 
	Shyre, Stranglewood, Turquoise 
	Haven, Yellow Celevus, and Yellow Haven Saplings.

Items:
* Fixed greatblades and mauls being able to be swung without cooldown while charging a bow or using other items. (Github issue #1374)
* Changed Rocker Rifle's recoil to 6, and added an ability to reduce the recoil back to 0 while crouching.
* Adjusted Explochron Sword's explosion to be more useful.
* Adjusted Creepoid Greatblade's explosion to be more useful.
* Fixed Anima Tablets showing incorrect activation costs when above level 100. (Github issue #1398)
* Fixed Tidal Greatblade activating its effect regardless of attack cooldown. (Github issue #1393)
* Fixed Sharpshot armour giving more bonuses to snipers than intended. (Github issue #1399)
* Fixed Web Staff not clearing more than one negative effect (and also throwing errors in console).
* Adjusted the stats for Minigun, Megagun, and Predigun.
* Fixed Fungal Armour's effect not working properly when wearing a full set.
* Change Archaic Armour's incoming damage debuff to scale with each piece worn.
* Fixed Battleborn Armour not correctly removing the speed buff.
* Prevented Boreic Armour's effect occurring from any environmental damage.
* Fixed Crystallis Armour not giving the correct amount of reflected damage.
* Fixed Infernal Armour not reducing damage properly.
* Fixed Tablet of Vitality not working properly. (Github issue #1411)
* Changed the effect of Mercurial Armour.
* Fixed Necro Armour saving items with Curse of Vanishing.
* Reduced the harvest level of Amethyst Pickaxes.
* Reduced the harvest level of Sapphire Pickaxes.
* Reduced the harvest level of Skeletal Pickaxes.
* Reduced the harvest level of Ornamyte Pickaxes.
* Reduced the harvest level of Emberstone Pickaxes.
* Increased durability loss from Candy Blade.
* Fixed Rockbone Armour's set effect not checking for ranged attacks.
* Changed Rosidian Armour to not activate from environmental or poison damage.
* Changed Spaceking Armour to not activate from environmental or poison damage.
* Fixed Subterranean Armour's tooltip being incorrect.
* Adjusted the temperature calculations for Embrodium and Ice armour to take into account daylight and weather conditions.
* Removed old set effects from Expedition Armour.
* Fixed Hauling Armour not giving bonus xp.
* Fixed Hunter Armour's effect using the wrong values.
* Adjusted Sealord Helmet so it only applies when fully underwater.
* Fixed Mega Rune Stone being stackable.
* Adjusted Sweet Sword's recipe so it doesn't clone itself. (Github suggestion #1460)
* Fixed Alien Orb being unobtainable in Hardcore mode. (Github issue #1528)
* Adjusted Baron Bow's stats and changed its effect. (Github issue #1511)
* Changed Creation Armour's stats to be consistent with other skill armours. (Github suggestion #1482)
* Adjusted Engineering Armour's durability to match other skill armours.
* Baron Sword now takes attack cooldown into account.
* Reduced the armour provided by Night Vision Goggles.
* Adjusted Bloodstone Sword's durability and damage.
* Guns will now show their correct damage value when enchanted with Shell.
* Blasters will now show their correct energy consumption value when enchanted with Recharge and Greed.
* Fixed Light Spark & Soul Spark not showing the energy consumption in tooltip.
* Adjusted Crystallite Sword's durability and attack speed.
* Jack Rocker & Jack Funger will place cobblestone blocks on impact when destructiveWeaponPhysics is set to true. (Github suggestion #889)
* Water Balloon Bomber will place water on impact when destructiveWeaponPhysics is set to true.
* Water Balloon Bomber will place water on impact when destructiveWeaponPhysics is set to true.
* Fixed vanilla bows shooting normal arrows when consuming Holly Arrows. (Github issue #1549)
* Fixed Primal Sword's damage not being consistent with armour worn. (Github issue #1542)
* Changed Fungal Armour's effects. (Github suggestion #1428)
* Fixed an uncommon issue causing Bone Horn to stall the game.
* Removed Ornamyte Pickaxe's negative effect. (Github suggestion #1395)
* Skill Crystals can now be activated in midair and no longer require clicking on a block. (Github suggestion #1539) 
* Greatblades, Mauls, Staves, Guns, Bows, Blasters, and Archerguns can now all be repaired by combining two in a crafting grid.
* Fixed Stone and Diamond Bowls, Shiny Boxes, Crystal Boxes, Weapons Cases, Fish Cases, Treasure Boxes, and Rune Boxes not getting item use stats from usage. (Github issue #1576)
+ Added nuggets for the following minerals:
	Baronyte, Blazium, Elecanium,
	Emberstone, Ghastly, Ghoulish,
	Limonite, Lunar, Lyon, Mystite, 
	Rosite, Shyrestone, Varsium.

Entities:
* Fixed Creep throwing explosives with AI disabled.
* Fixed Hydrolisk using its abilities with AI disabled.
* Merged all Haven Automatons in code.
* Removed Thorny Petals from Naturalist's trades.
* Fixed Toy Merchant requiring 5 Smiley Upgrade Kits to unlock further trades. (Github issue #1425)
* Hopefully fixed Night Watcher crashing various third-party automation mods.
* Mushroom, Nightmare, and Sea Spiders now flip upside down when killed. (Github suggestion #1461)
* Rune Templas will pause spawning Runic Lifeforms if 4 or more are present nearby. (Github suggestion #1526)
* Flamewalkers will no longer replace liquids and other replaceable blocks to spread fire.
* Flame walkers will now only spread fire when aggravated or retaliating. (Github suggestion #1554)
* Fixed Infernals setting creative mode players on fire. (Github issue #1555)
+ Added Shiks.
* Increased spawn rate of Halycons slightly.
* Fixed AoA Animals not spawning properly.
+ Added Meganeuropsis.
* Fixed Ghostly Bugeye's model being off-center. (Github issue #1556)
* Fixed Rawbone's broken model. (Github issue #1557)
* Fixed Mushroom Spider, Nightmare Spider, and Arocknid's broken models. (Github issue #1547)
* Fixed Scrubby's headless body. (Github issue #1581)
- Removed the loot tables for Runic Lifeforms.
* Fixed Squiggler using the wrong sound when hit.
* Fixed an issue with Ramradon's model.
* Fixed an issue with Hive King's model.
* Fixed an issue with Chimera's model.
* Increased Everbeast's spawn weight.

Textures:
* Changed the texture of Beamer.
* Changed the texture of Blood Drainer.
* Changed the texture of Confetti Cannon.
* Changed the texture of Confetti Cluster.
* Changed the texture of Darkly Guster.
* Changed the texture of Death Ray.
* Changed the texture of Fragment.
* Changed the texture of Froster.
* Changed the texture of Ghoul Gasser.
* Changed the texture of Ion Blaster.
* Changed the texture of Iro Miner.
* Changed the texture of Luna Blaster.
* Changed the texture of Mecha Blaster.
* Changed the texture of Moon Shiner.
* Changed the texture of Odious.
* Changed the texture of Paralyzer.
* Changed the texture of Party Popper.
* Changed the texture of Power Ray.
* Changed the texture of Proton.
* Changed the texture of Reefer.
* Changed the texture of Revolution.
* Changed the texture of Skullo Blaster.
* Changed the texture of Soul Drainer.
* Changed the texture of Swarmotron.
* Changed the texture of Toxic Terrorizer.
* Changed the texture of Waterlogged Reefer.
* Changed the texture of Whimsy Winder.
* Changed the texture of Abyssro
* Changed the texture of Discharge Shotgun.
* Changed the texture of Long Shot.
* Changed the texture of Mechyro.
* Fixed the outdated logo in the Advent Gui.
* Fixed Blissard's texture issues.
* Fixed Refluct's texture issues.
* Fixed Cryptid's texture issues. (Github issue #1551)
* Changed the texture of Incomplete Mechyro.
* Changed the texture of Light Banner and its variants.
* Changed the texture of the vulcane active icon.
* Updated the Resources HUD to use the new resource status textures.

Sounds:
* Replaced Tyrosaur's fight music.
* Replaced Baroness' fight music.
* Replaced Creep's fight music.
* Replaced Clunkhead's fight music.
* Replaced Cotton Candor's fight music.
* Replaced Vinocorne's fight music.
- Removed numerous unused sound files.

Advancements:
* Fixed the All Smoothed Out advancement not being hidden. (Github issue #1426)
* Changed the Waking the Ancient Undead advancement. (Github issue #1457)
* Fixed the Heckfire advancement being unobtainable.
* Changed the Going to Hell For This advancement.
* Changed the Overkill, Schmoverkill advancement icon to Vulcammer Maul.
* Fixed the Guard That! advancement not being triggered.
+ Added The Burning Key advancement.
+ Added The Runic Key advancement.
+ Added Key To The Haunted Lands advancement.
+ Added the Monster Blaster advancement.
+ Added the It's a Rainbow! advancement.
- Removed the Seeking Vengeance advancement.
* Changed the icon for the Abyss root advancement to Nightmare Flakes.
* Changed the icon for the Barathos root advancement to Hive Chunk.
* Changed the icon for the Candyland root advancement to Sour Gummy.
* Changed the icon for the Creeponia root advancement to Unstable Gunpowder.
* Changed the icon for the Crystevia root advancement to Rainbow Druse.
* Changed the icon for the Deeplands root advancement to Dense Rock.
* Changed the icon for the Dustopia root advancement to Darkly Powder.
* Changed the icon for the Gardencia root advancement to Rosid Root.
* Changed the icon for the Haven root advancement to Floating Stone.
* Changed the icon for the Iromine root advancement to Magnet Shard.
* Changed the icon for the L'Borean root advancement to Coral Stone.
* Changed the icon for the Lelyetia root advancement to Yellow Spores.
* Changed the icon for the Lunalus root advancement to Orbulon.
* Changed the icon for the Mysterium root advancement to Mystic Shrooms.
* Changed the icon for the Precasia root advancement to Jungle Thorns.
+ Added the Medusa, Light advancement.
+ Added the Medusa Bling! advancement.
+ Added the Wax Museum advancement.
+ Added the Expensive Curtains advancement.
+ Added the The Ultimate Weapon advancement.
+ Added the An Unbalanced Diet advancement.
+ Added the Reaper Reaper advancement.
+ Added the Green Thumb advancement.
+ Added the Basically Poseidon advancement.
+ Added the Tree Listener advancement.
+ Added the Better Than a Spoon advancement.
+ Added the Worst Farmer Ever advancement.
+ Added the Happy Feet advancement.
+ Added a new advancement tab: Completionist.
+ Added the Armory Prep advancement.
+ Added the Ready To Imbue advancement.
* Moved the Framed advancement to after Armory Prep.
* Adjusted the description for the Dark Book advancement.
* Moved numerous advancements from the overworld to completionist.
- Removed the Immovable Object advancement.

Bestiary:
+ Added an entry for Shik.
+ Added an entry for Dicer.
+ Added an entry for Meganeuropsis.
+ Added an entry for Primitive Carrotop.
* Adjusted the bestiary entry for Chimera.
* Adjusted the bestiary entry for Rammerhead.
* Adjusted the bestiary entry for Pincher.
* Adjusted the bestiary entry for Fishix.
+ Added an entry for Corrupted Traveller.
+ Added an entry for Bugeye.

Misc:
* Changed dependency requirement to hopefully be more consistent pre-init.
* Fixed a handful of incorrect sounds on entities.
* Cleaned up some registration stuff behind the scenes - may minorly improve boot time.
* Made some optimisations to reduce memory usage a bit.
* Fixed expedition buffs breaking when setting skill levels manually.
* Fixed water in Candyland still slowing players. (Github issue #1396)
* Halved frequency of halos online checkup to reduce bandwidth.
* Fixed a rare crash caused by a bugged Baron Bomb infinitely exploding itself. (Github issue #1424)
* Reduced spawning area of the skeletal army mobs to prevent getting stuck in walls.
* Fixed Augury still giving bonuses to max Creation & Soul Power.
* Changed a bunch of internal names for sounds.
* Fixed an issue with player halos that may have caused moderate FPS lag for some players.
* Moved the Player Halo data to another server to reduce issues with access and timeouts.
* Improved efficiency of structures generation.
* Updated various translations.
+ Added banner pattern textures for each rune type. (Github suggestion #1200)
* Adjusted the weighting of the flight pathing AI to keep flying mobs relatively close to the ground.
* Adjusted the navigational AI for flying mobs slightly to take better advantage of airborne flight routes.
* Changed Haven Realmstone's requirement to be above Y=80 instead of 100.
* Enchantments can now be placed, and found, on books.
* Adjusted the XP calculation for AoA mobs to account for more statistics.
* Fixed minions not being able to damage hunter mobs the player doesn't have the level for while in creative.
* Changed Greed's name to Curse of Greed. (Github suggestion #1530)
* Changed the progress coin trade for Dungeon Keeper. (Github suggestion #1552)
* Made the keypress prompt not show if the player unbinds the resource menu key.
* Made Lunalus' portal silent per its description. (Github suggestion #1082)
* Removed the default key binding for mob overhead icons. It can still be assigned manually via the options menu.
+ Re-added the ingame skills gui, disabled and unbound by default. It can be enabled manually via the options menu.
* Fixed an issue where players can get stuck & kicked from a game in Lelyetia with Distorting Artifact. (Github issue #1375)
* Thinned the Dimensional Fabric layer in dimensions to 1 block thick to support Vertically Stacked Dimensions. (Github suggestion #997)
* Converted the following trees to more dynamic generation rather than fixed block placement:
	Achony, Bloodtwister, Celevus,
	Churry, Creep, Dawnwood, Eyebush,
	Eye Hanger, Haunted, Haven,
	Inverted Achony, Inverted Churry,
	Irodust, Irogold, Lucalus,
	Lunicia, Lunosso, Runic,
	Shadow, Shyre, Stranglewood.
