Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.3.6 (Patch Update):
Blocks:
* Fixed the Extraction Device giving an errored messages.
* Fixed the Extraction Device giving a full variant when mined with silk touch. (Github issue #1870)
* Fixed Tea Sinks and Filtration Systems not dropping items when broken as a full state. (Github issue #1869)

Entities:
* Fixed an issue causing flying melee entities to crash the game when some other mods are present.

Items:
* Changed the name on the Caverns disc description to match the author's preferred handle.
* Fixed a missing tooltip line for Blast Barrel.
* Fixed Fragmented Anima Stones Excessively duplicating double plant blocks.

Misc:
* Fixed the Halo renderer causing the recipe book & armour slot overlays to render incorrectly.
* Fixed the /aoawiki command not coming up in /help. (Github issue #1862)
* Removed some malicious localisation entries from the russian lang file.
* Fixed Haven Saplings sometimes generating small trees from 2x2 sapling alignments.

Textures:
* Replaced the texture for Aqua Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Blast Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Bomb Launcher.
* Replaced the texture for Bozo Blaster.
* Replaced the texture for Carrot Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Clowno Pulse.
* Replaced the texture for Coral Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Ghoul Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Pulse Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Shyre Blaster.
* Replaced the texture for Waterlogged Aqua Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Waterlogged Coral Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Haunter's Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Noxious Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Rejuvenation Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Show Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Crystal Box.
* Replaced the texture for Fish Case, Hauling Armour, and the Hauling skill icon.
* Replaced the texture for Mystic Lamp.
* Replaced the texture for Rune Box.
* Replaced the texture for Shiny Box.
* Replaced the texture for Treasure Box.
* Replaced the texture for Weapons Case.
