Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.3.2:
Advancements:
+ Added the High-Flying Spelunker advancement.

Blocks:
* Fixed all of the statue blocks so that they don't render outside of their grid.

Items:
* Fixed blasters only showing 1 energy required. (Github issue #1621)
* Changed the handling of Fungal Armour's set effect to be more consistent. (Github issue #1633)
* Expanded the range of Fungal Armour's set effect.
+ Added the Caverns music disc, courtesy of MrCakeSamurai. (Github suggestion #1639)
* Removed Bozo Blaster's invisible 33% chance to not consume ammo effect. 
* Fixed an issue with weapons enchanted with greed not requiring a second shot to fire.
* Allowed the Gardener & Dart Gun to use any type of seeds as ammo. (Github suggestion #1280)

Entities:
* Reduced Chimera's weakness effect to 2 from 3.
* Fixed the Reaper Reaper advancement activating on normal Web Reapers. (Github issue #1634)
* Changed the step sound of Fake Pigmen to match real Zombie Pigmen. (Github suggestion #1617)
* Fixed Friendly Creepers taking damage from their own explosions. (Github suggestion #1623)
* Prevented Horon from creating explosions after death. (Github issue #1656)
* Prevented CREEP from spawning more bombs after death.
* Prevented Baroness from spawning additional bombs after death.

Textures:
* Actually changed the Waterlogged Reefer texture.
* Changed the texture of Atlantic Bow.
* Changed the texture of Boreic Bow.
* Changed the texture of Daybreaker Bow.
* Changed the texture of Deep Bow.
* Changed the texture of Haunted Bow.
* Changed the texture of Justice Bow.
* Changed the texture of Mecha Bow.
* Changed the texture of Primordial Bow.
* Changed the texture of Spectral Bow.
* Changed the texture of Sunshine Bow.
* Changed the texture of Incomplete Mecha Bow.
* Changed the texture of Mecha Banner and its variants.
* Changed the texture of Lunalyte Dirt.
* Changed the texture of Lunasole Dirt.
* Changed the tetxure of Lunalyte Grass.
* Changed the texture of Lunasole Grass.
* Changed the texture of Abyss Grass.
* Changed the texture of Lunicia Leaves.
* Changed the texture of Lunosso Leaves.
* Changed the texture of Shadowblood Leaves.
* Changed the texture of Vein Leaves.
* Changed the texture of Eye Block.
* Changed the texture of Toxic Block.
* Changed the texture of Tentacles.
* Changed the texture of Red Eye Tentacles.
* Changed the texture of Orange Eye Tentacles.
* Changed the texture of Bloodstone Ore.
* Changed the texture of Blood Pine.
* Changed the texture of Blood Spikes.
* Changed the texture of Blood Strands.
* Changed the texture of Bulb Stock.
* Changed the texture of Abyss Stone.
* Changed the texture of Blood Log.
* Changed the texture of Eyeball Log.
* Changed the texture of Lunide Log.
* Changed the texture of Shadow Log.
All of the above block texture changes courtesy of Lithobraker.
* Changed the texture of Lunar Banner and its variants.
* Changed the texture of Moonlight Staff.
* Adjusted the texture for Outlaw Disc.

Misc:
+ Added an IMC handler for bestiary info handling.
* Adjusted the consumeResource function in CraftTweaker integration to take floats instead of ints for amount consumed.
+ Added a config option to disable the materials portion of IndustrialCraft2 integration.
* Split the extractor recipes option in the IndustrialCraft2 integration into extractor and compressor recipes.
* Fixed a crash from the Evil Pressure Tinkers trait. (Github issue #1630)
- Removed some leftover files that were unused. (Github issue #1588)
* Fixed Rammerhorn using the wrong loot table.
* Adjusted the runium chunk extractor recipes in the IndustrialCraft2 integration.
* Fixed a typo in the description for the Tinker's Construct materials config option.
* Fixed the Charger, Torn Cloth, and Limonite Rod materials in Tinker's Construct showing as being from Tinker's Construct and not AoA.
+ Added several additional IC2 recipes to better match up with standard format for IC2 materials. (Github suggestion #1631)
* Fixed a misplaced word in the description for doVerboseDebugging in the AoA config.
* Fixed an extra Skele-Elder spawning on wave 7 of the skeletal army boss fight. (Github issue #1644)
* Added an experimental change to try to improve compatibility with Open Terrain Generator.
* Cleaned up some backend item finding code to resolve issues with certain item checks not finding held or worn items.
* Changed hardcore mode's effect in the fun options config. Now only reduces a level of 1 random skill. Also increases all normal mob damage, health, and armour. Increases almost all weapon damages by 25%.
