Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.3.1:
Entities:
* Fixed Meganeuropsis not using its own loot table. (Github issue #1600)
* Adjusted Shik's loot table slightly.
* Fixed Shik spawning on the roof of Deeplands.
* Stoped Shik despawning naturally.
* Fixed Shik using the wrong hurt sound.

Blocks:
* Fixed Divine Station duplicating items. (Github issue #1601)

Items:
* Fixed Vulcanes not being repairable by combining two in a crafting grid. (Github issue #1606)
* Fixed the Air Blade modifier being able to be added to non-broadsword tools. (Github issue #1603)
* Fixed the Ethereal Miner Tinkers Trait not working on Dragon Eggs. (Github issue #1597)
* Fixed Water Balloon Bomber placing water in dimensions it shouldn't be.
* Fixed Primal Sword giving damage boosts to other items. (Github issue #1594)
* Fixed Gem Bag not counting item uses for statistics.
* Fixed Emberstone Pickaxe not giving smelting xp. (Github issue #1593)
* Changed Fungal Armour's effect to activate consistently with its piece effect.

Gui:
* Added levels to the re-added skills overlay.
* Corrected the skills gui render position based on various conditions of the resources gui. (Github issue #1608)

Misc:
* Fixed inconsistent pluralising in Shik's bestiary entry.
* Fixed guides not loading properly.
* Fixed worn book not loading properly.
* Fixed the Toggle Skills Display key not having the right name in the options menu.
* Fixed some minor grammatical errors in Tinkers Construct trait descriptions. (Github issue #1605)
* Fixed Crystallite Ore's Thaumcraft traits not being applied due to it overwriting Crystallite.
+ Added Thaumcraft traits for blue and pink Daylooms.
* Fixed a grammatical error in Bugeye's bestiary entry.
* Fixed a crash occuring when running IndustrialCraft2. (Github issue #1595)
* Fixed various sources of tribute working during the night. (Github issue #1544)
* Updated the Screen Elements and Soul Scurry guides to updated information. (Github suggestion #1615)
