Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.3.3 (Patch update):
Advancements:
* Fixed the Should be a Mechanic advancement not including the Mechyro. (Github issue #1667)
* Fixed up the outdated description for Waking the Ancient Undead Advancement.
* Fixed the Expensive Curtains advancement using the Ornate Xxeus Statue as its icon.
* Fixed incorrect spelling in the Monster Blaster advancement.
* Changed the spelling in Colour, Clarity, Cut, Carat advancement to correct english.
* Fixed a lowercase G in the Gold Leaf Seafood advancement.
+ Added the Sponsored by God advancement. (Github suggestion #1733)

Entities:
* Fixed Shik spawning inside blocks when Deeplands stone is broken occasionally.
* Fixed Shik not spawning properly when spawning naturally.
* Fixed Little Bams losing track of their minion status when unloaded. (Github issue #1701)
* Fixed Abyssal Lottoman using the wrong texture. (Github issue #1710)
* Fixed Ghostly Charger not being transparent. (Github issue #1722)
* Fixed an issue with Creep spawning multiple times if the game is shut down after using his spawner block. Also fixed Kror & Shadowlord. (Github issue #1760)
* Gave AoA mobs more natural footstep sounds when not using custom step sounds. (Github suggestion #1660)

Blocks:
* Changed Twinklestone Fence's hardness to match Twinklestone.
* Fixed some inconsistent naming on King BamBamBam's statues.

Recipes:
- Removed the recipe for Haunted Bricks.

Items:
* Fixed an issue with items requiring ammo not firing in creative without ammo.
* Fixed an issue with throwable weapons sometimes crashing when throwing the last one.
* Fixed a capitalisation issue on Golden Fury.
* Fixed a crash caused by shooting the Ender Dragon with a Shotgun.
* Fixed Snipers not getting a use stat when firing
* Fixed Spectral Archergun requiring and consuming ammo. (Github issue #1714)
* Fixed Cyclone requiring cannonballs instead of bullets. (Github issue #1734)
* Renamed Colour Cannon to correct english.
* Fixed Confetti Cannon and Confetti Cluster's description text to correct english.
* Fixed Chilli, Chilli Chugger, and Chilli seeds to correct english.
* Reduced Crystal Greatblade's AoE damage potential by 25%.
* Fixed Lunar & Millennium Greatblades not taking hardcore mode into account for damage calculations.
* Fixed Lunar & Millennium Greatblades not showing the +reach stat on its tooltip.
* Corrected Selyan Scythe's tooltip to more accurately reflect its ability.
* Adjusted Tidal Greatblade's cooldown to require 95% bar instead of 75%.
* Adjusted the description on Underworld Greatblade to better reflect its ability.
* Increased the Vulcammer's maul effect requirement from 75% attack cooldown to 85%.
* Fixed Occult Pickaxe's overlays rendering incorrectly on the bottom. (Github issue #1766)
* Fixed the insufficient resources toast showing twice when attempting to place a tablet with insufficient soul power. (Github issue #1738)

Bestiary:
* Fixed Alarmo's outdated bestiary entry.

Sounds:
* Adjusted Gyro's music slightly.
* Replaced Craexxeus' boss music.
* Replaced Elusive's boss music.

Textures:
* Replaced the background and overlay textures for the Jungle Advent GUI theme.
* Replaced the texture for Void Banner and its variants.
* Replaced the texture for Cryston Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Ember Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Incomplete Mecha Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Mecha Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Meteor Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Moonlight Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Phantom Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Reef Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Runic Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Shadowlord Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Rosidian Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Tangle Staff.
* Replaced the tetxure for Underworld Staff.
* Replaced the texture for Boom Boom.
* Replaced the texture for Boulder Bomber.
* Replaced the texture for Clown Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Energy Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Erebon Stickler.
* Replaced the texture for Floro RPG.
* Replaced the texture for Ghast Blaster.
* Replaced the texture for Golder Bomber.
* Replaced the texture for Hive Blaster.
* Replaced the texture for Hive Howitzer.
* Replaced the texture for Incomplete Mecha Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Luxon Stickler.
* Replaced the texture for Mecha Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Missile Maker.
* Replaced the texture for Moon Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Pluton Stickler.
* Replaced the texture for Predatorian Blaster.
* Replaced the texture for RPG.
* Replaced the texture for Selyan Stickler.
* Replaced the texture for Shadow Blaster.
* Replaced the texture for Smile Blaster.
* Replaced the texture for Vox Cannon.
* Replaced the texture for Creepoid Banner and its variants.
* Replaced the texture for Shadow banner and its variants.
* Replaced the texture for Deep Banner and its variants.
* Replaced the texture for Shyre Banner and its variants.
* Replaced the texture for Clown Banner and its variants.
* Replaced the texture for Erebon Banner.
* Replaced the texture for Luxon Banner.
* Replaced the texture for Pluton Banner.
* Replaced the texture for Selyan Banner.
* Replaced the texture for Bubble Berry Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Chilli Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Floracle Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Goldicap Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Heart Fruit Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Holly Top Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Luna Globe Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Lunacrike Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Lunalon Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Magic Marang Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Rosidon Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Tea Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Thorny Plant Seeds.
* Replaced the texture for Trilliad Seeds.
	Seed resprites courtesy of EnderdragonLord (Github suggestion #1670)

Misc:
* Fixed Torn Cloth not being possible to craft into fletching. (Github issue #1669)
* Removed the reference to Lunalus portal from Lunar Invasion guide file. (Github issue #1690)
* Doubled the amount of material received from smelting down Chargers in a Tinker's Construct smeltery.
* Fixed Evil Pressure giving the potion effect to the player.
* Overhauled the particles system.
* Fixed an issue with boss health bars rendering weirdly with certain custom health amounts. (Github issue #1707)
* Changed some ZenGetters to ZenMethods in the CTPlayerData class for CraftTweaker compat.
* Fixed a couple spelling errors in the portal feedback messages. (Github issue #1729)
* Raised the minimum threshold for a Butchery critical hit from 1 Rage to 51 Rage.
* Fixed a spelling mistake in the help tab of the Advent Gui.
* Removed an outdated tip about gravity-using mobs in the help tab of the Advent Gui.
* Fixed the Oops.. advancement sometimes completing when dying in Vox Ponds despite wearing hazmat armour. (Github issue #1762)
