Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.4.9:
Items:
* Fixed Haunted Bow launching its arrows into orbit. (Github issue #2440)
* Added descriptions for all AoA enchantments.
* Removed Pop Shots from the Weapons Case drop list. (Github suggestion #2459)
+ Added banner pattern items for each rune.

Blocks:
* Made Iropole rotatable.
* Fixed ore blocks not showing their break animation when mined.
* Changed the sound type of Candied Dirt.

Entities:
* Gave Case Construct its guaranteed Deep Case drop back.
* Fixed Shik only spawning from Dense Stone when the player has silk touch.
* Fixed Cotton Candor being immune to void damage.

Misc:
* Removed all AoA entity spawn entries for mushroom island biomes.
* Fixed AoA stalling completely if attempting to generate certain worlds with other mods in specific circumstances.
* Fix a rare crash on boot. (Github issue #2511)
* Fix recoil causing the screen to go down continuously when the game is paused. (Github issue #2503)

Textures:
* Changed the texture for Aromatic Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Aromatic Grass.
* Changed the texture for Aromatic Stone.
* Changed the texture for Blackened Soil.
* Changed the texture for Weightless Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Weightless Grass.
* Changed the texture for Toxic Waste.
* Changed the texture for Polluted Soil.
* Changed the texture for Polluted Grass.
* Changed the texture for Polluted Stone.
* Changed the texture for Lelyetian Stone.
* Changed the texture for Lelyetian Grass.
* Changed the texture for Lelyetian Inverted Grass.
* Changed the texture for Greckon Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Greckon Grass.
* Changed the texture for Greckon Stone.
* Changed the texture for Fungal Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Fungal Grass.
* Changed the texture for Fungal Rock.
* Changed the texture for Faded Grass.
* Changed the texture for Darkened Rock.
* Changed the texture for Creep Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Creep Grass.
* Changed the texture for Coral Soil.
* Changed the texture for Coral Grass.
* Changed the texture for Coral Rock.
* Changed the texture for Celevian Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Celevian Grass.
* Changed the texture for Candied Grass.
* Changed the texture for Candied Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Deep Case.
