Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.4.7:
Blocks:
* Fixed Living Growth's hitbox shrinking when in its final stages.
* Fixed Spikey Pillar & Lunar Pillar creating X-ray unintentionally.
* Fixed Footbone Fragments Ore not dropping xp when mined.

Items:
* Fixed Shyre Staff teleporting up walls
* Improved high-pitch sniper shots again so they stop failing.
+ Added a spawn egg for Tree Spirit.
* Changed the colours of Dead Tree Spawn egg slightly.
* Fixed greatblades and mauls ignoring their cooldown restrictions.

Entities:
* Lowered Elkanyne's health to 20.
* Lowered Trotter's health to 25.
* Lowered Coratee's health to 27.
* Reduced the costs of Toy Merchant trades.
* Reduced the sight range of flying creatures to 24.
* Enabled despawning for Pixons.
* Adjusted Meganeuropsis' armour value.

Recipes:
* Fixed Draggy Slab's recipe being incorrect.
* Fixed Goofer Slab's recipe being incorrect.
* Fixed the creation slab recipes not giving enough slabs.

Misc:
* Fixed the scrollbar not working properly in the guides tab of the Advent GUI.
* Fixed the Reaper Reaper advancement triggering for any Web Reaper kill.
* Added another fix for Ancient Cavern shrines not working in survival.
* Fixed Lotto Totem's coin not spinning.
* Fixed a crash caused by an incompatibility with some mods.
* Improved portal generation mechanics to attempt to avoid spawning below floating dim land.
* Improved the portal clearing if the portal generates underground to give more room to move.
* Fixed the Charger Safari advancement requiring a Ghostly Cyclops kill instead of a Ghostly Charger.
* Fixed events not properly starting on launch if one is running when the server or world is shut down.
* Added additional prevention methods for ender pearls above world height.
* Fixed the Shell Enchantment not affecting the tooltip damage on a number of guns.
* Increased the dropped amounts of Circus Coins in Celeve.
* Fixed the disableHudPotionOffset not affecting the skills gui. (Github issue #2335)
* Fixed an issue with FakePlayers causing a crash. (Github issue #2334)
* Fixed the Control enchantment not going up to level 4. (Github issue #2327)
* Fixed the player command causing resources to multiply wildly.
* Made the Blank Realmstone GUI wrap its tooltips to prevent long text being cut off.

Commands:
+ Added the structure subcommand to spawn structures. It will technically work for vanilla structures, kind of, but it's mostly for AoA structures.

Textures:
* Edited the texture for Coralstorm Sword.
* Edited the tetxure for Harvester Sword.
* Changed the texture for Holy Sword.
* Changed the texture for Skeletal Sword.
* Fixed Irolog's texture not being updated.
* Changed the texture for Abyssal Grass.
* Changed the texture for Abyssal Stone.
* Changed the texture for Baron Ground.
* Changed the texture for Baron Stone.
* Changed the texture for Bright Grass.
* Changed the texture for Bright Rock.
* Changed the texture for Creep Stone.
* Changed the texture for Crystallised Rock.
* Changed the texture for Dense Stone.
* Changed the texture for Fungal Rock.
* Changed the texture for Greckon Stone.
* Changed the texture for Hellstone.
* Changed the texture for Irograss.
* Changed the texture for Irostone.
* Changed the texture for Precasian Grass.
* Changed the texture for Precasian Lower Rock.
* Changed the texture for Precasian Surface Rock.
* Changed the texture for Primed Stone.
* Changed the texture for Runic Grass.
* Changed the texture for Runic Stone.
* Changed the texture for Weightless Stone.
* Changed the texture for Amethyst Ore.
* Changed the texture for Baronyte Ore.
* Changed the texture for Blazium Ore.
* Changed the texture for Bloodstone Ore.
* Changed the texture for Blue Gemstone Ore.
* Changed the texture for Charged Runium Ore.
* Changed the texture for Chestbone Fragments Ore.
* Changed the texture for Crystallite Ore.
* Changed the texture for Elecanium Ore.
* Changed the texture for Emberstone Ore.
* Changed the texture for Footbone Fragments Ore.
* Changed the texture for Gemenyte Ore.
* Changed the texture for Ghastly Ore.
* Changed the texture for Ghoulish Ore.
* Changed the texture for Green Gemstone Ore.
* Changed the texture for Jade Ore.
* Changed the texture for Jewelyte Ore.
* Changed the texture for Legbone Fragments Ore.
* Changed the texture for Limonite Ore.
* Changed the texture for Lyon Ore.
* Changed the texture for Mystite Ore.
* Changed the texture for Ornamyte Ore.
* Changed the texture for Purple Gemstone Ore.
* Changed the texture for Red Gemstone Ore.
* Changed the texture for Rosite Ore.
* Changed the texture for Runium Ore.
* Changed the texture for Sapphire Ore.
* Changed the texture for Shyregem Ore.
* Changed the texture for Shyrestone Ore.
* Changed the texture for Skullbone Fragments Ore.
* Changed the texture for Varsium Ore.
* Changed the texture for White Gemstone Ore.
* Changed the texture for Yellow Gemstone Ore.
* Changed the Night Vision Goggles overlay texture.

Sounds:
* Changed the sounds of Pixons. - Thanks to Hydefy
* Changed the sounds of Amphibiytes. - Thanks to Hydefy
