Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.5-Beta-5:
Items:
* Fixed Distorting Artifact giving free oxygen in Lunalus.
* Fixed Distorting Artifact teleporting at the wrong location.
* Fixed Distorting Artifact taking damage in spectator mode.
* Fixed Distorting Artifact not working in offhand.
* Fixed Crystal Box not showing up in the creative menu. (Github issue #2501)
* Fixed Primal Sword causing attack speeds to break when swapped out. (Github issue #2416)
+ Added banner pattern items for each rune.
* Changed Gem Bag's loot table.
* Changed Shiny Box's loot table.
- Removed all dimensional Tokens.
* Fixed several items ignoring protection requirements. (Github issue #2517)
* Fixed Fungal Staff incorrectly consuming runes when unable to bonemeal.
* Renamed Runic Upgrade Kit to Fungal Upgrade Kit. (Github suggestion #2573)

Blocks:
* Changed the sounds of a number of blocks. (Github suggestion #2494)
* Changed the sound type of Candied Dirt.
* Changed Mineralization Station's conversions.
* Changed Deep Case's loot table.
* Changed L'Borean Portal's ID to match its name. (Github suggestion #2518)
* Fixed some ore blocks not dropping loot properly when using Silk Touch.
* Fixed Iro Crate not dropping loot properly when using Silk Touch.
* Added all dimensional stone to the 2 stone crafting item tags. (Github suggestion #2564)
* Fixed Tea Sink not being rotatable.
* Made Ancient Glass breakable.
* Made Decayed Glass breakable.
* Made Lunar Glass breakable.
- Removed Breakable Runic Glass.
* Made Runic Glass breakable.
* Fixed Archaic Glass not dropping anything.
- Removed Gold Accumulator.
- Removed Unbreakable Plant Stem.
- Removed Unbreakable Iro Bricks.
* Made Ancient Light breakable.
* Made Archaic Light breakable.
* Made all kaiyu temple blocks breakable.
* Made Black Petals breakable.
* Made all Ancient Tile blocks breakable.
* Made Runic Bricks breakable.
* Made Rune Post blocks breakable.
* Fixed Archaic Dirt not dropping anything.
* Made Crystal Creator breakable.
* Made Crystal Extension Shrine breakable.
* Made Declogging Table breakable.
* Made Enigma Table breakable.
* Made Haunting Table breakable.
* Made Lunar Creation Table breakable.
* Made Rune Randomiser breakable.
* Made all boss altar blocks breakable.
* Fixed climbable blocks not being climbable. (Github issue #2572)

Entities:
* Fixed some bosses being able to ride other mobs.
* Added Mystite to the Metalloid's trade list. (Github suggestion #2497)
* Fixed Fischers not spawning. (Github issue #2399)
* Changed Fischer to a proper water mob.
* Fixed Cotton Candor being immune to void damage.
* Fixed various NPCs not spawning in darker dimensions. (Github issue #2538)
* Converted all the AoA traders to support vanilla's profession system, which includes changing the default stock levels of most trades, as well as how they're unlocked.
* Changed Metalloid's trades.
* Changed some of Naturalist's trades.
* Changed some of Primordial Merchant's trades.
* Changed some of Professor's trades.
* Changed some of Zal Vendor's trades.
* Changed all of the lottomen's trades.
* Changed Undead Herald's trades.
* Changed some of Crystal Trader's trades.
* Reduced trader NPC's overriding despawn timer to 40 minutes from 60.
* Fixed Glowing Pixons not spawning.
* Fixed Coratees not spawning.
* Changed all lottomen to use coins instead of dimensional tokens.
- Removed dimensional tokens from the loot tables of all creatures that dropped them.

Worldgen:
* Changed Professor in his lab to spawn with 30 health. (Github issue #2489)
* Fixed Kror Cave generating above the surface.
* Fixed Creeponia not generating any ores. (Github issue #2512)
* Fixed Crystevian structures generating with bedrock. (Github issue #2499)
* Fixed Power Station not generating. (Github issue #2498)
+ Added structures to Shyrelands.
+ Added structures to Lunalus.
- Removed all the old structures from Lunalus.
* Re-added the missing Eye Bulb Grotto to Abyss.
* Fixed L'Borean generating dead coral.
* Changed rune shrines to structures. (Github suggestion #2574)
* Swapped the dimensions for Poison Rune Shrine and Distortion Rune Shrine.
* Fixed Kaiyu Temple being broken again.
* Fixed the Nowhere hub having a missing block.

Localisation:
* Fixed Experiment W-801 missing a hyphen.
* Fixed Wizard's Staff missing an apostrophe.
* Fixed enchantment descriptions not working.
- Removed some redundant tips from the advent gui help tab (Github issue #2549)
* Fixed some improper capitalisation on Carved Runes.
* Fixed incorrect capitalisation on Baron SSR.
* Fixed incorrect capitalisation on Bayonette SR.
+ Added subtitles for AoA sounds, big thanks to the AoA community for providing these.
- Removed Immortallis progression locale entries.

Configuration:
- Removed the disableOverworldMobs config option.

Sounds:
* Compressed numerous audio files and mix down into mono - thanks to Sonicwave.

Commands:
+ Added the Version subcommand to the AoA command.

Textures:
* Changed Phantasm Helmet's texture. (Github suggestion #2485)
* Changed the texture for Aromatic Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Aromatic Grass.
* Changed the texture for Aromatic Stone.
* Changed the texture for Blackened Soil.
* Changed the texture for Weightless Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Weightless Grass.
* Changed the texture for Toxic Waste.
* Changed the texture for Polluted Soil.
* Changed the texture for Polluted Grass.
* Changed the texture for Polluted Stone.
* Changed the texture for Lelyetian Stone.
* Changed the texture for Lelyetian Grass.
* Changed the texture for Lelyetian Inverted Grass.
* Changed the texture for Greckon Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Greckon Grass.
* Changed the texture for Greckon Stone.
* Changed the texture for Fungal Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Fungal Grass.
* Changed the texture for Fungal Rock.
* Changed the texture for Faded Grass.
* Changed the texture for Darkened Rock.
* Changed the texture for Creep Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Creep Grass.
* Changed the texture for Coral Soil.
* Changed the texture for Coral Grass.
* Changed the texture for Coral Rock.
* Changed the texture for Celevian Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Celevian Grass.
* Changed the texture for Candied Grass.
* Changed the texture for Candied Dirt.
* Changed the texture for Deep Case.
* Changed the texture and model for Visular.
* Changed the texture and model for Visulon.

Misc:
* Fix a rare crash on boot. (Github issue #2511)
* Fix recoil causing the screen to go down continuously when the game is paused. (Github issue #2503)
* Fixed the banker gui not showing item tooltips.
* Changed up all of the world loot tables to account for the lack of dimensional tokens.
* Fixed a rare crash when attempting to use AoA portals. (Github issue #2519)
* Fixed explosions still breaking blocks in Nowhere.
