Advent of Ascension 3 Changelog
(+: Added; -: Removed; *: Modified)

3.5-Beta-1-1.16.5:
Ported the entire mod to 1.16.5!
NOTE: This is a BETA build. There are some unfinished dimensions while we wait for structures to be built, and there may be some slight oddities in some places.
As always, report bugs and issues on the bug tracker on Github.

Blocks:
+ Added support for the target block.
* Gave Crystevia's crystal plant blocks some light.
- Removed Silverfoot Altar.
- Removed Exoid Station.
- Removed Hydro Table.
- Removed Candy Block.
- Removed Toy Box.
- Removed Strange Block.
+ Added Glowshrooms.
+ Added flower pot blocks for all AoA plants that fit into the pot.

Items:
- Removed Soulbone.
* Moved Sealord Helmet to Corallus' drop table.
* Moved Hydroplate armour to Dracyon's drop table.
* Moved Reef Staff to Corallus' drop table.
- Removed Rammerhead Hide.
- Removed Sludge Parasite.
- Removed Troll Skull.
- Removed Uncharged Orb.
- Removed Raw Ursa Meat.
- Removed Cooked Ursa Meat.
- Removed Apoco Stone.
- Removed Desert Shell.
- Removed Ghostly Stone.
- Removed Hydro Stone.
- Removed Mud Ball.
- Removed Opteryx Feather.
- Removed Pure Coral Stone.
- Removed Realm Travel Ticket.
- Removed Rune Stone.
- Removed Blue Strange Stone.
- Removed White Strange Stone.
- Removed Yellow Strange Stone.
- Removed Ancient Orb.
- Removed Primordial Dust.
- Removed Pure Water Stone.

Entities:
The following entities were removed or changed in an effort to reduce the amount of unnecessary bloat in the mod.
Shrinking the pool of quantity over quality mobs allows us as devs to work faster and more effectively, while counterintuitively giving us more options for future development.
- Removed Automaton.
- Removed Black Ursa.
- Removed Bloodmist.
- Removed Bone Creature.
- Removed Brute.
- Removed Cherry Barrager.
- Removed Coniferon.
- Removed Dark Beast.
- Removed Death Hunter.
- Removed Demon Reaper.
- Removed Dicer.
- Removed Eilosapien.
- Removed Exoid.
- Removed Eye Creature.
- Removed Faceless Runner.
- Removed Fake Zombie Pigman.
- Removed Ghostine Ancient.
- Removed Ghostly Bugeye.
- Removed Ghostly Charger.
- Removed Ghostly Cyclops.
- Removed Ghostly Goblin.
- Removed Ghostly Night Reaper.
- Removed Ghostly Sasquatch.
- Removed Goldorth.
- Removed Grocculate.
- Removed Grunt.
- Removed Headless Destroyer.
- Removed Headless Hunter.
- Removed Hellcat.
- Removed Hellspot.
- Removed Horon.
- Removed Hunch.
- Removed Hydrolisk
- Removed Irkling.
- Removed Linger.
- Removed Magicke.
- Removed Natura.
- Removed Orbiter.
- Removed Penumbra.
- Removed Phantom.
- Removed Pigotron.
- Removed Polar Ursa.
- Removed Quickpocket.
- Removed Rammerhead.
- Removed Reaper Twins.
- Removed Roloscope.
- Removed Sea Skeleton.
- Removed Sea Spider.
- Removed Seeker.
- Removed Shyre Troll.
- Removed Silverfoot.
- Removed Skellox.
- Removed Skipper.
- Removed Skolle.
- Removed Spinux.
- Removed Stalker Prime.
- Removed Stinger.
- Removed Surveyor.
- Removed Triclops.
- Removed Vertebron.
- Removed Volar.
- Removed Walker.
- Removed Warclops.
- Removed Wickett.
- Removed Wither Wizard.
* Moved Anemia to the Abyss, increased its health.
* Moved Clown to Celeve, renamed it to Happy, and raised its stats.
* Moved Amphibiyte to L'Borean, increased its stats.
* Moved Host to Creeponia, increased it stats.
* Moved Modulo to Lunalus, increased its stats.
* Moved Urka to Dustopia, converted to passive, increased its stats.
* Moved Terrestrial to Lunalus, increased its stats.
* Moved Night Watcher to Vox Ponds, converted to Passive, changed its stats.
* Moved Scrubby to the Nether.
* Moved Slimer to Vox Ponds.
* Moved Banshee to Greckon, changed its stats.
* Moved Eeo to Haven, converted to passive, changed its stats.
* Converted Voliant to passive, changed its stats.
* Converted Dawnlight to passive, changed its stats.
* Converted Angelica to passive, changed its stats.
* Converted Rainicorn to passive, changed its stats.
* Changed Visage's sounds to use Elusive's sounds instead of Penumbra's.
* Changed Faceless Floater's sounds to use Ghost's sounds instead of Faceless Runner's.
* Changed Eeo's sounds to use Rabbit's sounds instead of Hunch's.
* Changed Healing Golem's sounds to use Iron Golem's sounds instead of Automatons.
* Changed Goldum's sounds to use Iron Golem's sounds instead of Automatons.
* Changed Goldus' sounds to use Iron Golem's sounds instead of Automatons.
* Changed Reaver's sounds to use Iron Golem's sounds instead of Automatons.
* Changed Urv's sounds to use Iron Golem's sounds instead of Automatons.
* Changed Mechamaton's sounds to use Iron Golem's sounds instead of Automatons.
* Changed Ancient Golem's sounds to use Iron Golem's sounds instead of Automatons.
* Changed Muncher's movement speed to 0.
* Moved Hauling Master to the overworld.

Misc:
* Changed entity spawning algorithms to better handle natural and non-natural spawning methods.
- Removed the Soul Scurry overworld event.
- Removed the Blood Hunt overworld event.
- Removed the Death Day overworld event.
- Removed the Creep Day overworld event.
- Removed the Full Moon overworld event.
- Removed the Lunar Invasion overworld event.
- Removed the Big Day overworld event.
- Removed the Event command.
* Edited Cherry Blaster's bestiary entry.
* Moved Anemia up to level 55 Hunter and increased its Hunter xp amount.
* Edited Anemia's bestiary entry.
* Changed the Celeve Realmstone task.
* Removed Amphibiyte Lung trades from Troll Trader.
* Changed the moonstone task for Alien Orb to tossing out a Molten Upgrader during the full moon.
* Killing any creature when under level 10 Hunter grants minor Hunter xp.

Recipes:
* Changed the recipe for Purity Armour.
* Changed the recipe for Spectral Crossbow.
* Changed the recipe for Plateosaur Slab.
* Changed the recipe for Luna Blaster.
* Changed the recipe for Core Rifle.
* Changed the recipe for Sharpshot Armour.
* Changed the recipe for Sludge Sniper.
* Changed the recipe for Spikeback Slab.
* Changed the recipe for Tommy.
+ Added a recipe for Banners to Torn Cloth.
+ Added a recipe for Beds to Torn Cloth.

Worldgen:
* Worldgen underwent a somewhat sizeable change for most dimensions.

Textures:
* Muncher now has a new model and texture.
* Coratee now has a new model and texture.
* Angler now has a new model and texture.
* Sea Viper now has a new model and texture.
* Neptuno now has a new model and texture.
* Kror has a new model and texture.
